Who wrote the book , `` Huckleberry Finn '' ?
What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?

When was the first flush toilet invented ?

How many Community Chest cards are there in Monopoly ?

Why are electric cars less efficient in the northeast than in California ?

How do you write a correct critical analysis of a poem ?

What does the name `` Anthony '' mean ?

How do you measure the heat of the sun ?

What war did Florence Nightingale tend the troops in ?

What does Aaron mean ?

What is the first book of the Old Testament ?

What is the main language of Sao Paulo , Brazil ?

What was the sequel to The Moon 's Balloon ?

What is the speed of the Mississippi River ?

What Metropolis landmark was first introduced in the Superman cartoons of the 1940 's ?

What tale has the moral : `` He who wants everything gets nothing '' ?

Which of many numbered vats of Scotch was judged best by a panel of experts in 1863 ?

What are some science fair projects for 8th graders ?

When did the Berlin Wall go up ?

Who created the character James Bond ?

Which breakfast cereal brought you `` the best each morning '' ?

What 's the international radio code word for the letter B ?

What is Betsy Ross famous for ?

What President was buried at his ancestral home overlooking the Hudson River at Hyde Park , New York ?

Who sells Viagra ?

What African country is governed from Ouagadougou ?

Who is the fastest swimmer in the world ?

How many zip codes are there in the U.S. ?

What William Makepeace Thackeray novel was made into a film by Stanley Kubrick ?

What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?

Where did Dikembe Mutombo go to college ?

What company was the original sponsor of TV 's Superman ?

What dropped 1 , 313 feet in 1980 ?

What British TV series featured Emma Peel ?

When does the average teenager first have intercourse ?

What did Warlock wear on his forehead in Marvel comics ?

What name does the world know Renaissance artist Kyriakos Theotokopoulos by ?

What kind of rocket launched the Surveyor spacecraft ?

What is the fear of being loved ?

Madonna advertises for what soft drink ?

What is Bella Abzug 's sartorial trademark ?

What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?

What movie told of Anna Anderson 's claim to be a Russian czar 's daughter ?

Where have the most dinosaur remains been found ?

What were millions of kids wearing on their heads in 1955 ?

Why is Rush 's 2112 called 2112 ?

How many types of dogs ' tails are there - three

What is Margaret Thatcher known for ?

Name the product that is `` at your grocer 's , at your fingertips . ''

How many people in Tucson ?

What vowel do all Esperanto nouns end in ?

Who sings the song `` Drink to me with thine eyes '' by Ben Johnson ?

Who established a Viking colony in Greenland about 985 ?

What novel has Big Brother watching ?

Name the On Stage character whose face was never seen .

When are the Oscars Academy Awards in 1999 ?

What is Dick Clark 's birthday ?

What is the origin of the Christmas tree ?

When did Thatcher become prime minister ?

What country did the Nile River originate in ?

What is the best Internet business to go into ?

How much stronger is the new vitreous carbon material invented by the Tokyo Institute of Technology compared with the material made from cellulose ?

What city is terrorized by Dracula in The Night Stalker ?

What continent 's name appears on the upper left corner of a Budweiser label ?

What is the origin of `` barbeque '' ?

What Tom Wolfe book is about the Mercury astronauts ?

What island group contains Jersey , Guernsey , Sark and Herm ?

How big is the universe actually ?

Who was International Olympic Committee chairman at the 1936 Summer Games ?

Where do hyenas live ?

What Colorado city owns its own glacier ?

Who is King in Alley Oop 's home of Moo ?

What does the dot on the letter i mean ?

What film marked Robert Redford 's directorial debut ?

What did the only repealed amendment to the U.S. Constitution deal with ?

What four-legged creature did a Cornell University study say would make man 's best companion in space ?

What is the name of the art of growing miniature trees ?

Why are sometimes your hands cold , but the rest of you isn 't ?

What baseball team owner and sailor is known as The Mouth of the South ?

What are the benefits of a rowing machine ?

Where did Bill Gates go to college ?

Who played for the Chicago Bears , Houston Oilers and Oakland Raiders in a 26-year pro football career ?

How many states did Richard Nixon carry in 1972 ?

What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?

Who was the first English circumnavigator of the globe ?

What presidential administration challenged Americans to explore The New Frontier ?

How do I write to my Congressman ?

What did Woody Allen call the Japanese gangster film he dubbed into English as a comedy ?

What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?

How many American soldiers are stationed in South Korea ?

How long does a fly live ?

What are some good fractal web sites ?

Where do you find the answers for all these questions ?

What organization did Mr. Waverly assign agents for ?

What is the largest shopping mall in the world ?

Garry Kasparov plays what game ?

What actress starred in `` The Lion in Winter '' ?

What are the alveoli ?

How do you get a pointsettia to turn red ?

What father and son won the Medal of Honor ?

How many real fruit juices are there in a can of Hawaiian Punch ?

What state is Mount McKinley in ?

How many bones are in the human hand ?

What were the first frozen foods ?

What is a geoscientist ?

Which large U.S. city had the highest murder rate for 1988 ?

What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?

What state full of milk and honey was the destination in The Grapes of Wrath ?

What is the chemiosmotic theory ?

What do humans catch zoonose diseases from ?

What countries have the highest ratio of university students ?

What were the causes of the Civil War ?

How much does it cost to have a tree planted by dialing , 900 , 740-TREE ?

What does the name `` Sabrina '' mean ?

What are three ways in which wind is created on the earth ?

Name the blind sculptress in love with the Fantastic Four 's Thing .

Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?

Why are there letters on the telephone ? Why are there no Q or Z ?

Aspartame is also called what ?

Who is the richest woman in the world ?

How many names are there for Eskimo people ?

What is the virus HIV ?

What is a wet dream ?

What TV show premiered on January 15 , 1981 ?

What killed Bob Marley ?

When is a woman most fertile ?

What is the orgin of xoxoxox ?

What is the nickname of the famous flyer who mistakenly flew to Ireland instead of to Los Angeles ?

What magazine paid Ernest Hemingway $15 a word to write a bullfighting article ?

Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .

What is tumbled marble ?

What is the lowest level of the American judiciary ?

What is a fear of cold ?

What European capital celebrated its 2 , 000th anniversary in 1951 ?

What 's the meaning of UOL ?

What is cunnilingus ?

What is the average age a horse lives ?

How long does the average domesticated ferret live ?

What is the origin of infinity ?

Why is Chicago named Chicago ?

How can you define time ?

Which police department made the largest cocaine seizure ever in Ventura County ?

What type of currency is used in China ?

What is the origin of the first name ` Breony ' ?

How many propellers helped power the plane the Wright brothers flew into history ?

What 's the only East european country not tied to the ruble ?

What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?

What U.S. senator once played basketball for the New York Knicks ?

How many men died building the Mackinaw Bridge ?

What did Richard Feynman say upon hearing he would receive the Nobel Prize in Physics ?

What is the Jewish bible called ?

What is the difference between a generator and an alternator ?

What are the characters ' names in the Scooby-Doo cartoon ?

Who started the Dominos Pizza chain ?

When did the `` Star-Spangled Banner '' become the national anthem ?

What was the Vietnam War ?

How do they find or choose witnesses to an execution ?

When did Amtrak begin operations ?

What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?

What multitalented Academy-award-winning director failed a college course in motion-picture production ?

Why are peanut butter cookies topped with crisscrosses ?

What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?

What nation boarders Mozambique ?

What state did Helen Keller call home ?

What war did Johnny Reb and Billy Yank fight ?

How wide is the Atlantic Ocean ?

What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?

What does G.M.T. stand for ?

Who is Charles Lindbergh ?

How does a rainbow form ?

What 's the capital of Taiwan ?

What month were you born in if your birthstone is sardonyx ?

What shampoo prevents eczema , seborrhea , and psoriasis ?

What is the smallest thing seen under the most powerful microscope , and how big is it ?

What kind of habitat does the scorpion live in ?

Who created Dennis the Menace ?

Why did Europeans first come to Australia and Oceania ?

Who made the first gas engine ?

What is the fine for having a dog on a beach ?

What was the rallying cry of the early American revolutionaries ?

What is Goldfinger 's first name ?

For what disease is the drug Sinemet used as a treatment ?

How many times larger than life size is the Statue of Liberty ?

How do I find a snowboarding website ?

What is the oldest website on the Internet ?

When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?

How can I get in touch with Michael Moore of `` Roger & Me '' ?

What island was the target of the U.S. 's Operation Urgent Fury ?

Who 's The King of Swing ?

Why can 't you taste anything when you have a cold ?

What is Stefan Edberg 's native country ?

What Leoncavallo opera features a prologue by a clown ?

Who killed Martin Luther King ?

What is the best way to travel in Japan ?

What is the origin of the name Igor ?

Which country did Hitler rule ?

Who said `` the only thing we have to fear is fear itself '' ?

What percentage of the world 's plant and animal species can be found in the Amazon forests ?

What country did the Allies invade in World War II 's Operation Avalanche ?

What city 's the kickoff point for climbs of Mount Everest ?

What is the nature of snow and how is the formation of snow different from that of ice ?

What fuel do airplanes use ?

What country is the worlds leading supplier of cannabis ?

What 's the second-highest mountain in the world ?

Who took over as conductor of the Boston Pops after Arthur Fiedler 's long reign ?

What is the purpose of a car bra ?

What is Colin Powell best known for ?

What is Sinn Fein ?

Where are the tropical rain forest distributions ?

What is a fear of everything ?

What type of animal is the easiest kept pet there is ?

What century does Captain Video live in ?

How many Russians have landed on the moon ?

How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?

What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?

How do you throw a housewarming party ?

What do the 12 days of Christmas mean ?

Jackson Pollock was a native of what country ?

What Mediterranean island is home to the first Club Med ?

Who was the first X-Man to die in battle ?

What is limbo ?

What animal do buffalo wings come from ?

Who is the owner of CNN ?

Where did Sarge Steel get his metal hand ?

What plant has the largest seed ?

How can I find out which cities have cable-modem access ?

What does e.g. stand for ?

What is New England 's highest mountain ?

What was John F. Kennedy 's 1960 campaign song ?

What chocolate company gives you a one-pound kiss ?

What is the origin of the word `` sideburns '' ?

What are some chemical properties of mendelevium ?

What is the executor in a will ?

How far is London UK from California ?

Who are the nomadic hunting and gathering tribe of the Kalahari Desert in Africa ?

What is time ?

What detective lives on Punchbowl Hill and has 11 children ?

What Kenyan city is the safari center for East Africa ?

What Asian spiritual and political leader was married at the age of 13 ?

What is the folklore story regarding birds ' nests and birds in Christmas trees ?

What kind of crystals exist ?

What are fingernails made of ?

What is after death ?

What is humidity ?

What is AFS ?

Why does a candle go out when we blow on it ?

What is the definition of `` chancery '' file in real estate ?

What does the name ` Alexandra ' mean ?

What barroom judge called himself The Law West of the Pecos ?

What animal dined on bread and oysters with a carpenter ?

What racehorse won an Associated Press poll as the greatest horse of the 20th century ?

What is a fear of glass ?

What drink contains as many types of rum as possible ?

What foods contain vitamin B12 ?

What is the origin of thank you notes ?

How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?

Who recorded the 1957 hit Tammy ?

What is the difference between a bachelor and a 1 bedroom apartment ?

How many maids were milking ?

What is a fear of sourness ?

Why do people shake hands to show friendliness ?

When did Theo Rousseau paint the `` Forest of Fontaine '' ?

What kind of creatures are black , yellow , and brown bullheads ?

What 's the population of Mississippi ?

In what state was there an 11 million gallon oil spill ?

How many people die of tuberculosis yearly ?

What is the full name of the man who invented the multicolored game cube that has 42.3 quintillion potential combinations ?

What amount of money did the Philippine ex-dictator Marcos steal from the treasury ?

What causes rust ?

What is Beethoven 's 9th symphony called ?

What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?

How do you dunk ?

What film dramatized the Scopes monkey trial ?

Who created the character of Scrooge ?

What does a chairbound basophobic fear ?

What are the five most popular Usenet groups ?

Where on the Internet can I get chemicals importers ?

What 's the only mammal that can 't jump ?

What color of dry wine should be served with veal roasts and chops ?

What was the first U.S.-based team in the NHL ?

What are liver enzymes ?

What 's the claim to fame of night watchman Frank Wills ?

Name the cartoon genie conjured by the magic ring shared by Nancy and Chuck .

How did names come about ?

What is infomatics ?

Where did Luther display his `` Ninety-Five Theses '' ?

Who invented the game bowling ?

Which magazine is `` fine entertainment for men '' ?

What is the best place to live in the world , considering climate , civilization ?

What 's the state motto of California ?

What are the shoe sizes of O 'Neal , Jordan , and Mutombo , the NBA players ?

Why do girls have to wear training bras ?

What African capital is named for a U.S. president ?

What is the full form of .com ?

What are the four natural aids used in riding a horse ?

How much will gas be taxed in California by the year 2000 ?

What mountains lie between the Arkansas and Missouri rivers ?

What are the unemployment statistics for the years 1965 and 1990 ?

What does Larry King do for a living ?

Who loved Flash Gordon besides Dale ?

When was the Congress of Vienna ?

How do you recognize anorexia ?

Where do lobsters like to live ?

What is the name of the game that Garry Kasparov plays ?

What is Shirley MacLaine known as ?

What is an example of a natural acid-base indicator ?

What is Martin Luther King Jr. 's real birthday ?

What was Al Capone 's nickname ?

What is her husband 's name ?

Who is currently the most popular singer in the world ?

What are the statistics for drunken drivers in Maryland ?

What daily newspaper will `` help you see clearer across the USA '' ?

What beer is ` rockin ' America ? ''

Where can I get a complete listing of showtimes in my area ?

Where is McCarren Airport located ?

In what film did Steven Spielberg 's dog star as the main character 's dog ?

When did the neanderthal man live ?

Where does your hair grow the fastest ?

How many people died on South Carolina highways in 1998 ?

What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?

How much caffeine is in a 16 oz cup of coffee ?

When was child labor abolished ?

How do plants make food ?

What color are a cherry tree 's flowers ?

What poet wrote : `` ... I have promises to keep , and miles to go before I sleep '' ?

Name the various costumed personas of Dr. Henry Pym .

What is the name of the country which Hitler ruled ?

Where 's the Bernini-Bristol Hotel ?

How old was Sir Edmund Hillary when he climbed Mt. Everest ?

How long does a dog sleep ?

Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?

What American poet wrote : `` Good fences make good neighbors '' ?

What major airline has the best safety record in the world ?

Who won the 1967 Academy Award for Best Actor ?

How many points is a disk in the center hole worth in Crokinole ?

What Spanish artist painted Crucifixion ?

What was the longest war in U.S. history ?

What is the protection rate of using condoms ?

What are all the southern states of the U.S. ?

What is the most important nation in the world , historically ?

What is Eagle 's syndrome styloid process ?

What is hebephrenia ?

What country has been called The Queen of the Antilles ?

What five-time winner of the Kentucky Derby lost his first 25 races ?

How many years of bad luck follow breaking a mirror ?

Who declared : `` I think I 'll go out and milk the elk '' ?

In which year was New Zealand excluded from the ANZUS alliance ?

What natural attractions draw the most visitors in the United States ?

What city in the U.S. experienced the most growth recently ?

What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?

What percent liked Thatcher after she had been in power for a decade ?

What is Tetrinet ?

Who won two gold medals in skiing in the Olympic Games in Calgary ?

What is a fear of being dirty ?

How many equal sides are there on a scalene triangle ?

What is the geographical center of the US including Alaska and Hawaii ?

How do I start a bank ?

What journalist can be found in and around Walden Puddle ?

Where can I find a website that gives comparisons of good prices ?

Name four comic strips about pilots .

What European race sees the winner of its mountain stage awarded a jersey with large red polka dots ?

How much Coca Cola is drunk in one day in the world ?

What is a conifer ?

How do I log on to home page at Headquarters U.S. European Command ?

What Jules Verne novel features scientists held captive in the submarine Nautilus ?

Where are the leading medical groups specializing in lung diseases ?

How many lakes are there on the Earth ?

What was the player 's name who played nose tackle for the Eagles in Super Bowl XV ?

How high is the city of Denver ?

What war did the Wanna-Go-Home Riots occur after ?

When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?

What meter did Shakespeare use in writing : `` To be , or not to be , that is the question.. . '' ?

How many votes in Congress dissented from the 1941 declaration of war with Japan ?

What is the average time to kiss somene ?

What state in the United States covers the largest area ?

Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?

What southeast Asian country has the Wang River joining the Ping River at Tak ?

What shrubs can be planted that will be safe from deer ?

What country is home to Heineken beer ?

What 's the name of Tom Sawyer 's aunt with whom he lives ?

How many miles is it to Ohio from North Carolina ?

What can be done about snoring ?

What country saw the origin of the Asian Flu ?

Who was actress June Havoc 's legendary sister ?

What 's the meaning of the zoological term ruminant ?

What is the fear of frogs ?

What does `` antidisestablishmentarianism '' mean ?

The name of the actor who played the detective in the film Kindergarden Cop is what ?

Why do you say `` God bless you '' when people sneeze ?

What does caliente translate to in English ?

What clause in the U.S. Constitution may not be changed , altered or amended ?

What are the major differences in the Catholic and Methodist religions ?

What was the name of the Confederate mounted guerrilla group with which Jesse James and Coleman Younger had ridden ?

What are new computer games for Windows 95 or 98 ?

A corgi is a kind of what ?

How long does it take the typical American to eat 23 quarts of ice cream ?

What is the world record for the longest hair ?

What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?

What U.S. state has the most blondes ?

What is Nicholas Cage 's occupation ?

What cigar-chewing comedian observed : `` You 're only as old as the woman you feel '' ?

Why does the sun shine only a short time in Alaska ?

Which city in Canada is the least-populated ?

What is `` flintknapping '' ?

What is the longest chemical name , consisting of 35 letters ?

Define Spumante .

What Frederick Forsyth novel chronicles the toppling of an African government by mercenaries ?

Why are there olives in martinis ?

What sign is The Water Carrier the zodiacal symbol for ?

What kind of hat does Bat Masterson wear ?

Where did the Battle of the Bulge take place ?

What vehicles are raced in the Tour de France ?

What state was named the Green Mountain state ?

What is the goat population of the world ?

How do you use `` farther '' as opposed to `` further '' ?

How many events make up the decathlon ?

What two baseball players make up the battery ?

Who found Hawaii ?

How many elevators do you ride to reach the top floor of the Empire State Building ?

What was the name of the lawyer who represented Randy Craft ?

What do the names Neil , Mary , and Anthony mean ?

What events happened January 26 , 1978 ?

Who says , `` If you don 't look good , we don 't look good '' ?

What is the best online games site ?

Jackson Pollock is of what nationality ?

What is April 's gemstone ?

What is recruitment interview technique ?

What interesting method was used to run the credits in the early Popeye cartoons ?

What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?

Who followed Willy Brandt as chancellor of the Federal Republic of Germany ?

How many James Bond novels are there ?

Name a country that is developing a magnetic levitation railway system ?

What hockey player did Ronald Reagan joke he would swap Texas for ?

What did British companies stick 175 , 0 tons of tea into in 1982 ?

What TV comedian worked with White Fang , Black Tooth and Pookie the Lion ?

Why are organ transplants more successful today ?

Where can I buy a hat like the kind Jay Kay from Jamiroquai wears ?

Who is the director of the international group called the Human Genome Organization , HUGO , that is trying to coordinate gene-mapping research worldwide ?

What infectious disease is the world 's deadliest ?

What civil war was fought between 1936 and 1939 ?

What is a caldera ?

What is magnetar ?

What time of year do most people fly ?

The Jewish alphabet is called what ?

Who was the captain of the tanker , Exxon Valdez , involved in the oil spill in Prince William Sound , Alaska , 1989 ?

What deck of cards includes the Wheel of Fortune , the Lovers , and Death ?

What is one of the cities that the University of Minnesota is located in ?

What are the most common elements in the Earth 's crust ?

What is hypertext ?

What city would you be in if you were feeding the pigeons in the Piazza San Marco ?

Where did Wile E. Coyote always get his devices ?

What is Nero Wolfe 's favorite drink during office hours ?

Where did cable cars first roll down Clay Street in 1873 ?

How long did the Paris Commune hold out for against the rest of France ?

Where is Inoco based ?

When does menstruation begin ?

How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?

What is a fear of strong light ?

How many quarters equal a pound ?

What country was Mikhail Gorbachev the leader of ?

What are the four elements ?

What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?

Who is Desmond Tutu ?

What does LOL mean ?

What was the name of the first Russian astronaut to do a spacewalk ?

What was the name of the first Watergate special prosecutor , later fired by Nixon ?

Who is the Antichrist ?

What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?

What are the two languages of Malta ?

What is the snowiest city in the U.S. ?

What new year is celebrated on February 16th ?

What is the origin of the word `` attic '' ?

What president also became a supreme court justice ?

What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?

What was the first domesticated bird ?

What is the fastest computer ?

What is the function of RAM ?

What does S.O.S. stand for ?

What flower did Vincent Van Gogh paint ?

Who led the Normans to victory in the Battle of Hastings ?

What 's the name of a golf course in Myrtle Beach ?

What are vermicilli , rigati , zitoni , and tubetti ?

What are the Low Countries ?

What animal occurs in Spielberg 's `` Jaws '' ?

What are tourist attractions in Reims ?

What is the most common name ?

Name the four stories contained in Edith Wharton 's `` Old New York . ''

Who built the first successful stern wheel steamboat ?

What is the date of Boxing Day ?

How often are brain cells replaced ?

What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?

Which soft drink does Madonna advertise for ?

What Scandinavian country covers 173 , 732 square miles ?

What is the largest sculpture in the world ?

What does Choo Choo Charlie say ?

What hockey team did Wayne Gretzky play for ?

Who is the director and editor of the movie Big starring Tom Hanks ?

How tall was the animated Frankenstein

What is a ball that hits the foul pole called ?

What does Freddy Freeman say to become Captain Marvel Jr. ?

What 1915 film was the first to gross $5 million ?

Who is the only prime minister of Canada to serve 22 years but not necessarily consecutively ?

How many small businesses are there in the United States ?

What is the capital of Seattle ?

Who was President of Costa Rica in 1994 ?

How many dots make up the symbol for `` because '' ?

What does `` extended definition '' mean and how would one write a paper on it ?

How do you find out what is allowed to claim as a contibution for income tax purposes ?

Name a movie about the Sioux Indians starring Kevin Costner .

What relative of the racoon is sometimes known as the cat-bear ?

What former major-league left-handed baseball pitcher was known as `` Space Man '' ?

What country has the best defensive position in the board game Diplomacy ?

Who is Olive Oyl 's brother ?

Who asked you to do the Loco-Motion with her in 1962 ?

What New England state carries the telephone area code 27 ?

Jude Law acted in which film ?

How far out is the universe ?

When did they canonize the Bible ?

How does blood clot ?

What canal does the Thatcher Ferry Bridge span ?

What was the V-8 Juice slogan : `` the tastebud '' ?

How deep is a fathom ?

Where can I buy movies on videotape online ?

What is a wop ?

What were the last names of gangsters Bonnie and Clyde ?

Where are good science sites on the Internet ?

Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?

What kind of patent did Ermal Fraze get in 1963 ?

What year was the NAACP founded ?

What is the most radioactive food ?

What is the busiest air travel season ?

How many members of a family could be drafted in the U.S. military during World War II ?

What comedian was The Perfect Fool ?

Who was Darius ?

How many different vegetation zones are there ?

What is the longest river in the United States ?

What is HDLC ?

What TV show did John Sebastian sing the theme for ?

What color are seven of every 10 houses in the U.S. ?

Whose singing voice was dubbed in for Natalie Wood in West Side Story and Audrey Hepburn in My Fair Lady ?

Hitler came to power in Germany in what year ?

What U.S. city was named for St. Francis of Assisi ?

What 's the only work by Michelangelo that bears his signature ?

How many Leos have been Pope ?

What are chloroplasts ?

What pillar of the Dutch Renaissance painted Aristotle Contemplating the Bust of Homer ?

What was the claim to fame of Explorer I , launched February 1 , 1958 ?

What 's a short ton ?

What month did the Edmund Fitzgerald sink ?

Where can I find info on research being done on oilseeds thru genetics ?

Name the poet of the poem which begins : I do not know much about gods ; but I think that the river Is a strong brown god-sullen , and untamed ?

How does a bill become law ?

Where is the Bulls basketball team based ?

What international sport was originally called hurley ?

Whose acceptance speech of more than 3 minutes prompted a time limit on Academy Award thank-yous ?

What is the definition of cosmology ?

What is a fear of rejection ?

What powdered soft drink mix went into space ?

What is the definition of ` graphic details ' ?

When did Iraqi troops invade Kuwait ?

Who was the author of `` John Brown 's Body '' ?

What ocean liner burned and sank in Hong Kong harbor ?

What 1920s cowboy star rode Tony the Wonder Horse ?

What country owns Corsica ?

What 's the most abundant element in the sun ?

Where is Guam ?

What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?

What was the claim to fame of the football game that saw Fordham defeat Waynesburg State 12601 on September 3 , 1939 ?

What 's the name of the star of the cooking show , `` Galloping Gourmet '' ?

Where is the Danube ?

What year did Spielberg make `` Jaws '' ?

Which is the best opening move in chess ?

Who co-starred with Julie Andrews in Mary Poppins ?

What is Supergirl 's secret identity ?

Where can you find the Venus flytrap ?

How do you write a book report ?

What is the origin of the candy cane at Christmas ?

What was the sister ship of the Olympic ?

What is the name of the tallest mountain in the world ?

What Catch-22 character is elected mayor of half a dozen Italian cities ?

How did shipyard inspector James J. Kilroy designate equipment as being satisfactory ?

How many spears are there on Kenya 's flag ?

What Japanese manufacturer is known for both its pianos and its motorcycles ?

What two European countries entered the War of American Independence against the British ?

What two New York Yankee pitchers swapped wives and families ?

What is the approximate weight of a teaspoon of matter in a black hole ?

In order from the top , the four stripes on a can of Pepsi are what colors ?

What 's the shape of a camel 's spine ?

What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?

What does Melissa mean ?

What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?

What kind of science is cosmology ?

How does food color affect how you think it will taste ?

Rotary engines were manufactured by which company ?

What is a serigraph ?

How were the days of the week named ?

What is platinum ?

What is the difference between microprocessors & microcontrollers ?

What Polynesian people inhabit New Zealand ?

Who founded the Unification Church ?

What is the telephone number for the University of Kentucky ?

What country has the most time zones , with 11 ?

Who was President of Afghanistan in 1994 ?

What are people doing to help prevent the extinction of birds ?

Name the country which Honecker lived in .

How many types of lemurs are there ?

How many varieties of apple are there ?

How many milligrams are in a gram ?

What Soviet leader owned a Rolls-Royce ?

At Christmas time , what is the traditional thing to do under the mistletoe ?

Which side of the face do most artists tend to show more of in self-portraits ?

Where can an individual get a contact lens tested that burned the entire surface of eye when new ?

What Hermann Hesse book gave its name to a rock group ?

What is the organizational structure of the New Delhi Indira Gandhi airport ?

What is the Internet2 ?

How many horses are there on a polo team ?

Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?

How does a parachute work ?

What is endometriosis ?

What contemptible scoundrel stole the cork from my lunch ?

Which sex is twice as likely to contract leprosy ?

How many inches apart are adjacent pins in tenpin bowling ?

What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?

What city hosted the first Winter Olympics in Asia ?

What molecules include fluorine , sodium and magnesium ?

What is dew point ?

What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?

Whose video is titled Shape Up with Arnold ?

Where was George Washington born ?

What hide-and-seek game is played around a tin can ?

What does the theory of quantum leaps mean in simpler terms ?

How old is Benny Carter ?

What African country was founded by freed American slaves in 1847 ?

Which of the Seven Dwarfs comes first alphabetically ?

Who was the mother of the man who would not be king , the duke of Windsor ?

What 's bottled in jeroboams ?

What are amaretto biscuits ?

What is the dot on an the letter i called ?

What product did Robert Conrad dare people to knock off his shoulder ?

What is a pig in a poke ?

What airport is on the Piccadilly subway line ?

What does a man suffering from diphallic terata have ?

What 1956 Grace Metalious novel was on the best-seller list for two years ?

How many people lived in Nebraska in the mid 1900s ?

What was the birthplace of Edgar Allen Poe ?

What 's the origin of the word ` news ' ?

What TV sitcom character had the maiden name Ethel Potter ?

What do Japanese school uniforms look like ?

How is carbon dioxide removed from natural gas ?

Name the only extant trilogy of classical Greek plays .

What is the most common kind of skin cancer in the U.S. ?

What four tournaments make up tennis ' Grand Slam ?

Who wrote Unsafe at Any Speed ?

How can I get my product licensed by the NBA ?

Which of the following famous people does not paint as a hobby ?

Which side should a bowler facing a 37803 split hit the 3-pin on-the left or the right ?

How many holes are there in a tenpin bowling ball ?

What is the probability that at least 2 out of 25 people will have the same birthday ?

Who 's the twin brother of the Greek goddess Artemis ?

What author was appointed U.S. ambassador to Spain in 1842 ?

How many Stradivarius violins were ever made ?

When did the Dow first reach ?

Where is `` Global Schoolhouse '' ?

In what U.S. state was the first woman governor elected ?

How many colors was the 1940s collectible called a Donald Duck Rubber Boat ?

What are the lengths of pearl necklaces ?

Where is Rider College located ?

What dummy received an honorary degree from Northwestern University ?

What dumb-but-loveable character did Maurice Gosfield play on The Phil Silvers Show ?

How long does a pig 's orgasm last ?

What eastern state sprouted the first commercial nuclear power plant in the U.S. ?

What color Poker chip is usually assigned the lowest value ?

What organization has a Security Council ?

Who wrote The Red Badge of Courage ?

Who died 1 feet from where John F. Kennedy did ?

What will the weather be today ?

What does VCR stand for ?

What role do fruits play in the survival of plants ?

How many different types of skunks are there ?

What 's a Craps player called ?

What was the name of Baretta 's cockatoo ?

In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?

What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?

What are binomial coefficients ?

What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?

Who invented basketball ?

Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?

What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?

What are the three animals in Sheila Burnford 's The Incredible Journey ?

What 's the common name for acetylsalicylic acid ?

How is thalassemia defined ?

What Russian city used to be called St. Petersburg and Petrograd ?

What other name were the `` Little Rascals '' known as ?

Where is your corpus callosum ?

Why should cigarette smoking be banned ?

What is DEET ?

Who starred in Singing in the Rain and The Singing Nun ?

What well-known music personality is the father of an adopted son named Hans Christian Henderson ?

When was Calypso music invented ?

Ray Charles is best known for playing what instrument ?

What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?

Colin Powell is famous for what ?

What are the first and last letters of the Greek alphabet ?

What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?

What is the biggest `` thing '' humans have made ?

What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?

What Nevada center has been dubbed The Biggest Little City in the World ?

Who turned all he touched to gold ?

Who taught Matt Murdock to use his extraordinary abilities in Marvel comics ?

What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?

When was the bar-code invented ?

How old is singer Freedy Johnston ?

What are all the different types of pizza ?

What President once told Gene Autry : `` Please give my regards to your wife Dale '' ?

What sports event is Meyer Wolfsheim supposed to have fixed in The Great Gatsby ?

Who played Lucas McCain on The Rifleman ?

What are the biggest Indian airports ?

When was the first Wall Street Journal published ?

What facial feature did Walt Disney sport that none of Disney 's employees is allowed to ?

What is the nickname of the Cleveland Indians ?

What famous comic strip character died of acne ?

What happened to Pompeii ?

What member of The Little Rascals has an on-again , off-again sweetheart in Darla Hood ?

How do you write MLA style bibliographies for an Internet source ?

Who was the architect of Central Park ?

What garment was named for Bradley , Voorhees and Day ?

Who is the Voyager project manager ?

What did FCC chairman Newton Minow declare TV to be on May 9 , 1961 ?

What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?

How can I get a CCT diagram ?

When did Lucelly Garcia , a former ambassador of Columbia to Honduras , die ?

What was the first ready-to-eat breakfast cereal ?

When were fish first believed to be found on earth ?

What is multimedia ?

What city boasts the Billingsgate fishmarket ?

What does the method called `` cold fusion '' create ?

When did communist control end in Hungary ?

How many counties are in Indiana ?

What are all the rivers in Europe ?

Who was the girl in Peter Sellers 's soup ?

Why do heavier objects travel downhill faster ?

What were the first three cities to have a population of more than a million ?

What is a phalanx ?

For what reason did some San Diego schools stop serving apples ?

How many people died when the Estonia sank in 1994 ?

Who was in Death of a Salesman original movie , not 1985 ?

When did Princess Diana and Prince Charles get married ?

What happened in the city of Dogtown in 1899 ?

What type of betting is used in horse racing ?

How did Super President gain his powers on the animated series ?

Where does the Santa Fe Trail begin and end ?

How old is the sun ?

What English queen had seventeen children ?

What is the biblical meaning of ` stones ' ?

What did The Gas House Gang play ?

Who 's the founder and editor of The National Review ?

How do I find if my relatives were on the Trail of Tears ?

How many flavors of ice cream does Howard Johnson 's have ?

What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?

What 's the geographic term for the submerged fringe of a continent ?

When was the NFL established ?

What are dingoes ?

What desert country borders Saudi Arabia , Iraq and the Persian Gulf ?

What is a green bog ?

What constitutes an adult ?

What meter was invented by C.C. Magee in 1935 ?

What Good Little Witch is Casper 's girlfriend ?

In what city is the US Declaration of Independence located ?

Who was the 3rd president of the United States ?

What country did the Nazis occupy for 1 , CD NNS IN NNP NNP NNP .

What are all the southern states of the United States ?

How many people did Randy Steven Craft murder ?

What day is August 13 , 1971 ?

What 12-hour cold medicine uses the formula `` 6 , 6 , 12 '' in its ads ?

What William Styron book is about a black preacher who leads a slave revolt ?

What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?

What President served for five years , six months and 2 days ?

What is Nebraska 's most valuable resource ?

Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?

What 's the highest hand in straight poker ?

What is a multiplexer ?

Where did the term `` 86ed '' come from ?

What does saliva consist of ?

Who won the Battle of Gettysburg ?

What five cards make up a perfect Cribbage hand ?

What is the longest-running television series ?

How many questions are on this thing ?

Who succeeded Nikita Khrushchev as first secretary of the Communist Party ?

How long was the TV mission of Star Trek 's Enterprise to be ?

What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?

How much will the California be in the year 2000 ?

How many three-letter permutations can be made from the four letters : c ?

Who won the 1968 California Democratic primary ?

What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?

What is the difference between a board of directors and an advisory board ?

Where do the adventures of `` The Swiss Family Robinson '' take place ?

What famous communist leader died in Mexico City ?

Who was the accused in The Trial of the Century , which opened Janurary 1 , 1935 ?

What bay divides Maryland 's Eastern and Western Shores ?

What is chromatology ?

In which Tennessee Williams play is one of the characters killed and devoured by a mob of starving children ?

What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?

Who wrote the book , `` The Grinch Who Stole Christmas '' ?

Who wrote Sons and Lovers ?

What ethnic group introduced the idea of potlatch ?

Why do we have to go to school ?

When do you plant winter wheat ?

What American sergeant lost both of his hands in combat during World War II and then went on to act in a single movie for which he won two Oscars ?

What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?

What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?

What carries sperm up into the pelvic region ?

How long does it take sunlight to reach Earth ?

What does JESSICA mean ?

What two vegetables are combined in succotash ?

Why do horseshoes bring luck ?

Who wrote the sci-fi trilogy Foundation , Foundation and Empire , and Second Foundation ?

What prison is found in Ossining , New York ?

What radio station did Paul Harvey work for ?

Who is the one Independent Member of Congress ?

Who portrayed the title character in the film The Day of the Jackal ?

What are the top boy names in the U.S. ?

What does the name `` Sheri '' mean ?

What Frenchman claimed the following ? If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . ''

What President was meant for , but never placed in , the empty crypt beneath the capital 's rotunda ?

What is the name of the planet that the Ewoks live on ?

What 's the meaning of the name Tatiana ?

How do you calculate the change in enthalpy of a chemical reaction ?

What was Edward Albee 's first full-length play ?

Who is the author of the book , `` The Iron Lady : A Biography of Margaret Thatcher '' ?

What was Mel Gibson 's first movie ?

What D.H. Lawrence novel was originally titled Tenderness ?

What time of day did Emperor Hirohito die ?

Why is the universe flat , if it started by an explosion , shouldn 't it be a sphere ?

Who holds the NFL record for most touchdowns in a season ?

What sport was the first televised in the U.S. ?

What did the forward-thinking Simon Brothers Bakery of Chicago insert into bagels to boost business ?

What did Mighty Mouse always sing as he went into action ?

What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?

What Cruise Line does Kathie Lee Gifford advertise for ?

How many Beanie Baby sites are there ?

How many major Nazi leaders went on trial after the war at Nuremberg ?

What Morris West novel deals with Russian bishop who becomes Pope ?

What cooking oil has `` corn goodness '' ?

How is energy created ?

How many fingers are used to draw a bow ?

How many pounds are there in a stone ?

What musical instrument did Prewitt play in James Jones 's From Here to Eternity ?

What is the weight of air ?

What British TV series inspired All in the Family ?

Who made the most appearances in the center square on Hollywood Squares ?

What 's the name of the Wilkes plantation in Gone with the Wind ?

What color is the cross on Switzerland 's flag ?

What country , after Canada and Mexico , is closest to the U.S. ?

How old is the universe ?

Which company that manufactures video-game hardware sells the `` super system '' ?

What species is a colt ?

President Bush compared Saddam Hussein to whom ?

What is paracetamol ?

Who was the supreme god of Germanic religion ?

How many feet are there in a fathom ?

Who was the star of the 1965 Broadway hit Golden Boy ?

What bay sparkles next to Miami , Florida ?

How do I find a web address for a company ?

When is President Nixon 's birthday ?

Who is stationed at Camp Swampy in the comic strips ?

Who made the musical plea Be True to Your School ?

What is a philanthropist ?

How has TV affected our society ?

What 's a water funnel ?

What is another term for the painful wrist syndrome ?

What are the Poconos ?

Who was the star of Leave It to Beaver ?

What actor married John F. Kennedy 's sister ?

What does a woman want ?

How many shillings more than 2 were there in a guinea ?

Who is the `` Queen Mother '' ?

What was William F. Cody 's better-known name ?

Who claimed to be the world 's most perfectly-developed man ?

What chemicals are used in lethal injection ?

What town was the setting for The Music Man ?

What were the first bodies visited by spacecraft ?

How do I know if I 'm jealous of someone ?

What makes a tornado turn ?

What was the name of Humphrey Bogart 's club in Casablanca ?

What was the name of the horse that fell on Queen Elizabeth , Prince Albert 's wife ?

What is the former name of Zimbabwe ?

Where does most of the marijuana entering the United States come from ?

When was the De Beers company founded ?

How can you tell when figs are ripe ?

What trade did the 15th and 16th century Portuguese hope to control between Asia and Europe ?

How close a cousin was Franklin D. to Theodore Roosevelt ?

What 's the name of the actress who starred in the movie , `` Silence of the Lambs '' ?

What city is served by McCarren Airport ?

Which member of the Micronauts spent 1 years traveling the Microverse in the Marvel comics ?

What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?

What is the recomended age to switch a child from a crib to a bed ?

Where was George Washington born ?

What do you say to a friend who ignores you for other friends ?

What is a fear of speaking ?

What diamond producer controls about 80% of the world 's diamonds ?

What is `` the bear of beers '' ?

What was the orca 's name that died of a fungal infection at Sea World ?

What is an aortic abdominal aneurysm ?

What California desert is dubbed High Desert ?

What country is the largest diamond producer ?

What is the name of the 1919 occurrence in which British troops killed over 3 unarmed Indian protestors ?

What college did Dikembe Mutombo play basketball for ?

Why do pressure cookers save time in the kitchen ?

What is Srpska Krajina ?

What actor learned to play the saxophone and speak Russian for a role in a movie ?

How many Vietnamese were there in the Soviet Union ?

What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?

Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?

Who killed Kurt Cobain ?

How many bends are there in a standard paper clip ?

What country comes last in an alphabetical list ?

Who was chairman of the Senate select committee that tried to get to the bottom of Watergate ?

How long do flies live ?

What famous soldier was born in Europe , died in Asia , and was laid to rest in Africa ?

What function does a community 's water tower serve ?

Who provides telephone service in Orange County , California ?

What U.S. state is Mammoth Cave National Park in ?

Name the various super-teams to which the Angel has belonged .

What attracts tourists to Reims ?

When was the first railroad from the east coast to the west coast completed ?

How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?

What is the most efficient way to start a barbeque ?

What are the factors leading to the high teen pregnancy rate in Spartanburg , South Carolina ?

CNN is owned by whom ?

Where can I find a world atlas map online at no charge ?

What is the full name of the PLO ?

What is a specimen of basidiomycetes ?

What film was based on the play Everybody Comes to Rick 's ?

Who is the father of the computer ?

What poem contains the line , `` grow old with me the best is yet to be '' .

What was Connecticut 's first constitution called ?

Where did marijuana come from ?

What is artificial intelligence ?

Which Rockefeller was sometimes called `` JDR3 '' ?

What 's the Olympic motto ?

What South African producer had a 1988 profit of $836 million ?

Name Li 'l Abner 's favorite Indian drink .

What was the first English play written exclusively for children ?

What city gained renown for its pea-soup fogs ?

What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?

Who received the Will Rogers Award in 1989 ?

Name the 5 words that use all of the letters in the alphabet , except Q , with no repeats .

What credit card features a centurion on its face ?

What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?

How many years ago did the ship Titanic sink ?

What actor came to dinner in Guess Who 's Coming to Dinner ?

